Update to upstream 1.13.0 (#2)
unikraft/lib-googletest: README.md

# GoogleTest for Unikraft

This is the port of [GoogleTest](https://google.github.io/googletest/) to Unikraft.

Some libraries that use GoogleTest rely on it to also provide a boilerplate main function to run their tests.
Providing this function by default might however conflict with the application's intended main.
For this purpose the LIBGOOGLETEST_BUILD_MAIN config option controls whether GoogleTest provides a `main()` function.
								 

> Being a C++ library, libcxx is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being a C++ library, `libcxx` is required.
```

> This library should come at the end of the dependency list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lib-googletest` should come at the end of the dependency list.
```

It isn't clear enough what library should come last.
